## Application Form 

To be completed in typed form or in your own handwriting in black ink Bold bordered sections are mandatory fields Refer carefully to the job description and person specification. If the space provided is insufficient please continue on a separate sheet.




<div style="text-align: center;"><html><body><table border="1"><tbody><tr><td>PostAppliedfor:</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Vacancy Reference No:</td></tr><tr><td>Where did you first find this vacancy? (If in publication, please state which one. If from current employee of Creative Support, please state name)</td><td colspan="3">□ Company Website □ Jobcentre □ Guardian □CharityJobs □ Reed □ Other (State)</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>PreferredClient Group and Hours:</td><td colspan="3">Mental Health □ Learning Disabilities □ Other □ Older People □ NoPreference □ Office</td><td colspan="2">□ FullTime □ Part Time</td></tr><tr><td>Have you a current in-date DBS Certificate?</td><td>Yes □No</td><td colspan="2">Is it registered for the DBS update service? (13 per year subscription)</td><td colspan="2">Yes □No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Have you previously applied for a post withCreativeSupport? Are you over 18 Years Old</td><td colspan="4">□Yes No (If Yes, please specify):</td><td colspan="2">Yes No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Personal Details</td><td>Title:</td><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td>Surname</td><td colspan="4"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td>Address</td><td colspan="4"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="4">Postcode:</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Telephone</td><td colspan="2">Home:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Email Address</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">Car Driver: □Yes No</td><td colspan="2">Car Owner: □ Yes □ No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Doyou have any endorsements on your licence? (if so please outline why)</td><td colspan="4">Yes □ No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Are you a UKor EU/EEA national? (If so you will need to provide proof of this at your interview)</td><td colspan="4">Yes No</td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">If you are not a UK or EU/EEA national can you provide proof of permission to work in the UK? If you cannot provide proof of permission to work in the UK we cannot accept your application as you are unable to work legally in the UK. If you can provide proof of permission to work please state the nature of your permission to work in the UK, any restrictions on the hours you are permitted to work and the expiry date of the permission.</td><td colspan="4">□ Yes □No</td><td colspan="2">Describe the type of permission to work in the UK: Hours permitted to work: Expiry Date: We will reguire sight of the documentation which confirms that you are permitted to work in the UK at the interview stage. We may need to take a copy of the document and to carry out checks to authenticate it.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="4"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="4"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="4"></td><td colspan="2"></td></tr></tbody></table></body></html></div>



<div style="text-align: center;"><html><body><table border="1"><tr><td>Authorised by:</td><td>Anna Lunts</td><td>Date First Authorised:</td><td>June 2009</td><td>Page Number:</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>All employees are subject to enhanced DBS checks</td><td>Version 6.8-November 2017</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html></div>
