EMPLOYMENT APPLICATION CALAIS REGIONAL HOSPITAL, 24 Hospital Lane, Calais ME 04619 hrd@calaishospital.org

<table border=1><tr><td colspan="2">Today&#x27;s Date:</td><td colspan="3">Social Security Number:</td><td colspan="2">Date of birth if under age 18:</td></tr><tr><td>Last Name</td><td colspan="2">First Name</td><td>Nickname</td><td colspan="2">Full Middle Name</td><td>Message Telephone Number:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5">Address: Street City State Zip</td><td colspan="2">Telephone Number:Email:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Position Applied for:</td><td colspan="3">Are you willing to work ( ) Full Time ( ) Per Diem ( ) Summer (Check all that apply) ( ) Part Time ( ) Temporary</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Date Available to Start Work:</td><td colspan="2">List days you are available to work:</td><td colspan="2">List all hours you are available to work:</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">Are you eligible to be lawfully employed in the U.S.? ( ) Yes ( ) NoProof of citizenship or immigration status will be required upon employment.</td><td colspan="3">Do you realize that it may be necessary for you to work weekends, holidays or rotation shift? ( ) Yes ( ) No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Education Circle the highest grade completed: Grade School: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 High School 9 10 11 12 College: 13 14 15 16 17</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">School Attended</td><td colspan="2">City State Zip</td><td colspan="2">Course of Study</td><td>Did you graduate?</td><td>GED, Diploma, or Degree (Attach copy)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">High School</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">College</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Technical</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2"></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">Employment Record - List last 4 employers, beginning with most recent. Note: do not write &quot;see resume&quot;</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Employer Name:Address:City, State, Zip:Phone:</td><td colspan="2">Dates employed: ____ to ____Position and Duties: ____Salary:</td><td colspan="2">Supervisor: ____Reason for leaving ____May we check references? ( ) Yes ( ) No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Employer Name:Address:City, State, Zip:Phone:</td><td colspan="2">Dates employed: ____ to ____Position and Duties: ____Salary:</td><td colspan="2">Supervisor: ____Reason for leaving ____May we check references? ( ) Yes ( ) No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Employer Name:Address:City, State, Zip:Phone:</td><td colspan="2">Dates employed: ____ to ____Position and Duties: ____Salary:</td><td colspan="2">Supervisor: ____Reason for leaving ____May we check references? ( ) Yes ( ) No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Employer Name:Address:City, State, Zip:Phone:</td><td colspan="2">Dates employed: ____ to ____Position and Duties: ____Salary:</td><td colspan="2">Supervisor: ____Reason for leaving ____May we check references? ( ) Yes ( ) No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="7">ALL APPLICANTS COMPLETE:Keyboarding Yes No Speed: WPM Number of Years of study?Computer Skills: Word Excel Access Power Point Fax Internet Email Scanner OtherNURSING &amp; HOME HEALTH APPLICATIONS COMPLETE:Check areas you have experience or special interest in:() Inpatient &amp; Special Care () ED () Inpatient &amp; Obstetrics () Physician Practices () Home Health () Surgery () PACU() Other, please specify:____.() Maine nursing license number is: ____ Expires: ____ Copy is Attached. () I applied for my Maine license on (date): ____() I am a Certified Nursing Assistant and am on the Maine CNA Registry. A copy of my CNA certificate is attached.() I applied to the Maine CNA Registry on (date):____NON-NURSING REGISTERED/CERTIFIED APPLICANTS TO COMPLETE:Registrations and/or certifications: (attach copies)Agency: ____ Number: ____ Expiration: ____Agency: ____ Number: ____ Expiration: ____.</td></tr></table>